== Welcome to Donabe

Donabe is a Ruby on Rails based service for managing recursively designed 
application containers in OpenStack.

== Getting Started

Make sure you have Rails installed with RVM and all of its dependencies. 
Instructions for installing Rails can be found at:

  http://rubyonrails.org/

And for RVM at:

  https://rvm.io/
  
After everything is installed, make sure you're in the Donabe directory and run the command:

  bundle install

This will install all of the Ruby Gems that Donabe needs to run.

Next, open the file:

  Donabe/config/donabe.yml

Change the keystone values to those relevant to your OpenStack deployment. In a normal setup
the two port values shouldn't need changing from the default. The username and password need 
to be for the admin user.

The values for publicurl, adminurl, and internalurl are the IP address and port for the 
machine on which donabe is running, in the format:

  1.2.3.4:1234

For most setups all three will be the same.

Once you have edited and saved this file, that is the only configuration that Donabe needs.

To start the Donabe service in development mode, first initialise the database with the folling commands:

  rake db:create
  rake db:migrate

Finally, start the Donabe service with the command:

  rails server

Alternatively Donabe can be run in daemon mode using:

  rails server -d

Or on a custom port using:

  rails server -p 1234

Where '1234' is replaced with the desired port.

== Usage

Donabe is currently best used through the Curvature advanced dashboard for OpenStack. Once your Donabe server has started it will automatically add itself to your OpenStack service catalogue, where it will be detected by Curvature and made available in the GUI.
